The Selfish Giant
 Every afternoon, as they were coming from school, the children used
to go and play in the Giant's garden.
 It was a large lovely garden, with soft green grass.  Here and there
over the grass stook beautiful flowers like stars, and there were
twelve peachtrees that in the springtime broke out into delicate blos-
soms of pink and pearl, and in the autumn bore rich fruit.  The birds
sat in the trees and sang so sweetly that the children used to stop
their games in order to listen to them.  "How happy we are here!" they
cried to each other.
 One day the Giant came back.  He had been to visit his friend the
Cornish ogre, and had stayed with him for seven years.  After the seven
years were over he had said all that he had to say, for his conversa-
tion was limited, and he determined to return to his own castle.  When
he arrived he saw the children playing in the garden.
 "What are you doing here?" he cried in a very gruff voice, and the
children ran away.
 "My own garden is my own garden," said the Giant; "anyone can under-
stand that, and I will allow nobody to play in it but myself."  So he
built a high wall all round it, and put up a notice-board.
 TRESPASSERS WILL BE PROSECUTED
 He was a very selfish Giant.
 The poor children had now nowhere to play.  They tried to play in the
road was very dusty and full of hard stones, and they did not like it.
They used to wander round the high wall when their lessons were over,
and talk about the beautiful garden inside.  "How happy we were there!"
they said to each other.
 Then the Spring came, and all over the country there were little blos-
soms and little birds.  Only in the garden of the Selfish Giant it was
still winter.  The birds did not care to sing in it as there were no
children, and the trees forgot to blossom.  Once a beautiful flower put
its head out from the grass but when it saw the notice-board it was so
sorry for the children that it slipped back into the ground again, and
went off to sleep.  The only people who were pleased were the Snow and
the Frost.  "Spring has forgotten this garden," they cried, "so we will
live here all the year round."  The Snow covered up the grass with her
great white cloak, and the Frost painted all the trees silver.  Then
they invited the North Wind to stay with them, and he came.  He was
wrapped in furs, and he roared all day about the garden, and blew the
chimney-pots down.  "This is a delightful spot," he said, "we must ask
the Hail in a visit."  So the Hail came.  Every day for three hours he
rattled on the roof of the castle till he broke most of the slates, and
then he ran round and round the garden as fast as he could go.  He was
dressed in grey, and his breath was like ice.
 "I cannot understand why the Spring is so late in coming," said the
Selfish Giant, as he sat at the window and looked out at his cold white
garden; "I hope there will be a change in the weather."
 But the Spring never came, nor the Summer.  The Autumn gave golden
fruit to every garden, but to the Giant's garden she gave none.  "He is
too selfish," she said.  So it was always Winter there, and the North
Wind and the Hail, and the Frost, and the Snow danced about through the
trees.
 One morning the Giant was lying awake in bed when he heard some lovely
music.  It sounded so sweet to his ears that he thought it must be the
King's musicians passing by.  It was really only a little linnet sing-
ing outside his window, but it was so long since he had heard a bird
sing in his garden that it seemed to him to be the most beautiful music
in the world.  Then the Hail stopped dancing over his head, and the
North Wind ceased roaring, and a delicious perfume came to him through
the open casement.  "I believe the Spring has come at last," said the
Giant; and he jumped out of bed and looked out.
 What did he see?
 He saw a most wonderful sight.  Through a little hole in the wall the
children had crept in, and they were sitting in the branches of the
trees.  In every tree that he could see there was a little child.  And
the trees were so glad to have the children back again that they had
covered themselves with blossoms, and were waving their arms gently
above the children's heads.  The birds were flying about and twittering
with delight, and the flowers were looking up through the green grass
and laughing.  It was a lovely scene, only in one corner it was still
winter.  It was the farthest corner of the garden and in it was stand-
ing a little boy.  He was so small that he could not reach up to the
branches of the tree, and he was wandering all round it, crying bitter-
ly.  The poor tree was still quite covered with frost and snow, and the
North Wind was blowing and roaring above it.  "Climb up! little boy,"
said the Tree, and it bent its branches down as low as it could; but
the boy was too tiny.
 And the Giant's heart melted as he looked out.  "How selfish I have
been!" he said; "now I know why the Spring would not come here.  I will
put that poor little boy on the top of the tree, and then I will knock
down the wall, and my garden shall be the children's playground for
ever and ever."  He was really very sorry for what he had done.
 So he crept downstairs and opened the front door quite softly, and
went out into the garden.  But when the children saw him they were so
frightened that they all ran away, and the garden became winter again.
Only the little boy did not run, for his eyes were so full of tears
that he did not see the Giant coming.  And the Giant stole up behind
him and tool him gently in his hand, and put him up into the tree.  And
the tree broke at once into blossom, and the birds came and sang on it,
and the little boy stretched out his two arms and flung them round the
Giant's neck, and kissed him.  And the other children, when they saw
that the Giant was not wicked any longer, came running back, and with
them came the Spring.  "It is your garden now, little children," said
the Giant, and he took a great axe and knocked down the wall.  And when
the people were going to market at twelve o'clock they found the Giant
playing with the children in the most beautiful garden they had ever
seen.
